# End-User License Agreement And Privacy Policy for Shri Ganesh Upasana App

# Important: please read the Terms and Conditions of this License Agreement And Privacy Policy carefully before continuing to install this App

**A-Squared Software End-User License Agreement (EULA)** is a legal agreement between **you (either an individual or a single entity)** and **A-Squared Software** for the A-Squared Software Shri Ganesh Upasana App identified above which may include associated software components, media, printed materials, and online or electronic documentation. By installing, copying, or otherwise using the Shri Ganesh Upasana App, you agree to be bound by the terms of this EULA. This license agreement represents the entire agreement concerning the program between you and A-Squared Software (referred to as licenser), and it supersedes any prior proposal, representation, or understanding between the parties. If you do not agree to the terms of this EULA, do not install or use the Shri Ganesh Upasana App. The Shri Ganesh Upasana App is protected by copyright laws and international copyright treaties, as well as other intellectual property laws and treaties. The Shri Ganesh Upasana App is licensed, not sold. 

1. **GRANT OF LICENSE**. The Shri Ganesh Upasana App is licensed as follows: 
   (a) Installation and Use. A-Squared Software grants you the right to install and use copies of the Shri Ganesh Upasana App on your mobile running a validly licensed copy of the android and iOs operating system for which the Shri Ganesh Upasana was designed [android OS 10 and above, iOs 6.0 and above]. 
   (b) Backup Copies. You may also make copies of the Shri Ganesh Upasana App as may be necessary for backup and archival purposes. 
   
2. **DESCRIPTION OF OTHER RIGHTS AND LIMITATIONS.** 
   (a) Maintenance of Copyright Notices. You must not remove or alter any copyright notices on any and all copies of the Shri Ganesh Upasana App. 
   (b) Distribution. You may not distribute registered copies of the Shri Ganesh Upasana to third parties. Evaluation versions available for download from website of A-Squared Software And android and iOs market may be freely distributed. 
   (c) Prohibition on Reverse Engineering, Decompilation, and Disassembly. You may not reverse engineer, decompile, or disassemble the Shri Ganesh Upasana, except and only to the extent that such activity is expressly permitted by applicable law notwithstanding this limitation. 
   (d) Rental. You may not rent, lease, or lend the Shri Ganesh Upasana. 
   (e) Support Services. A-Squared Software may provide you with support services related to the Shri Ganesh Upasana (Support Services). Any supplemental software code provided to you as part of the Support Services shall be considered part of the Shri Ganesh Upasana and subject to the terms and conditions of this EULA. 
   (f) Compliance with Applicable Laws. You must comply with all applicable laws regarding use of the Shri Ganesh Upasana. 
   (g) Shri Ganesh Upasana App uses images of Shri Ganesh available freely on internet, that have not been found to be explicitly copyright protected. The sole purpose for this usage is to render the App as relatable to the users.
   
3. **TERMINATION** Without prejudice to any other rights, A-Squared Software may terminate this EULA if you fail to comply with the terms and conditions of this EULA. In such event, you must destroy all copies of the Shri Ganesh Upasana in your possession. 

4. **COPYRIGHT** All title, including but not limited to copyrights, in and to the Shri Ganesh Upasana and any copies thereof are owned by A-Squared Software or its suppliers. All title and intellectual property rights in and to the content which may be accessed through use of the Shri Ganesh Upasana is the property of the respective content owner and may be protected by applicable copyright or other intellectual property laws and treaties. This EULA grants you no rights to use such content. All rights not expressly granted are reserved by A-Squared Software 

6. **NO WARRANTIES** A-Squared Software expressly disclaims any warranty for the Shri Ganesh Upasana. The Shri Ganesh Upasana is provided 'As Is' without any express or implied warranty of any kind, including but not limited to any warranties of merchantability, noninfringement, or fitness of a particular purpose. A-Squared Software does not warrant or assume responsibility for the accuracy or completeness of any information, text, graphics, links or other items contained within the Shri Ganesh Upasana. A-Squared Software makes no warranties respecting any harm that may be caused by the transmission of a computer virus, worm, time bomb, logic bomb, or other such computer program. A-Squared Software further expressly disclaims any warranty or representation to Authorized Users or to any third party. 

7. **PRIVACY** Shri Ganesh Upasana app has not been programmed as of the publish date of current version to collect any user-data. Only data available to the publisher is the anonymized data shared by the App-Stores with all publishers. 

8. **LIMITATION OF LIABILITY** In no event shall A-Squared Software be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, lost profits, business interruption, or lost information) rising out of 'Authorized Users' use of or inability to use the Shri Ganesh Upasana , even if A-Squared Software has been advised of the possibility of such damages. In no event will A-Squared Software be liable for loss of data or for indirect, special, incidental, consequential (including lost profit), or other damages based in contract, tort or otherwise. A-Squared Software shall have no liability with respect to the content of the Shri Ganesh Upasana or any part thereof, including but not limited to errors or omissions contained therein, libel, infringements of rights of publicity, privacy, trademark rights, business interruption, personal injury, loss of privacy, moral rights or the disclosure of confidential information.
